h1. What is this ?

This is an unofficial repo for some open source projects that can't currently be found in managed maven repositories. I'm not affiliated with the hosted projects and thus can't upload them directly to maven central.

h2. Why ?

Every once in a while I require a dependency that can't be found in maven central. Because using non-mavenized dependencies can get very messy, I've ended up deploying dependencies into my own  private repository until the various projects support maven. I'm in the process of making some artifacts publicly available so that others might save some time.

Feel free to use my repo, but understand that I'm not affiliated with any of the projects and that artifacts might not be actively maintained.

Artifacts in this repo have an -unofficial postfix in order to avoid naming collisions in the future.

h2. Updating Artifacts

Normally I'll update versions as needed, so projects that I use infrequently might end up being out of date. If you think that some artifact should be updated, please let me know or push the change in yourself.

The sources I used to create these artifacts can be found here https://github.com/ennerf/mvn-projects. The readme contains info on how to deploy new versions.

h2. Adding the Repository

You can add this repository by adding the following into your @pom.xml@ file:

bc. <repositories>
    <repository>
        <id>github.ennerf</id>
        <url>https://raw.github.com/ennerf/mvn-repo/master/releases</url>
    </repository>
</repositories>

h2. Currently Available Artifacts

h3. LCM - Lightweight Communications and Marshalling

LCM is a PubSub messaging framework that I've found very useful in several robotics projects.

Website: http://lcm.googlecode.com

bc. <dependency>
	<groupId>com.googlecode.lcm</groupId>
	<artifactId>lcm-java</artifactId>
	<version>1.0.0-unofficial</version>
</dependency>

h3. AprilTags - Visual Fiducial System 

AprilTags is a library that allows object tracking using fiducials and a mono camera. The artifact corresponds to the minimal Java-only version on http://april.eecs.umich.edu/wiki/index.php/Download_and_Installation. This means that the JNI parts won't work!

Website: http://april.eecs.umich.edu/wiki/

bc. <dependency>
	<groupId>edu.umich.eecs.april</groupId>
	<artifactId>april-minimal</artifactId>
	<version>0.91-unofficial</version>
</dependency>

h3. OpenCV - Java 

OpenCV is a popular computer vision library written in C++ and released under a BSD license. I've copied the automatically generated java sources of the 2.4.7-linux version and uploaded the resulting jar.

Note that the native libraries are not included. Check http://docs.opencv.org/doc/tutorials/introduction/table_of_content_introduction/table_of_content_introduction.html for installation instructions. Don't forget to compile using the "-DBUILD_opencv_java=ON" flag. 

The windows download comes with pre-compiled binaries. You'll need all standard opencv_*247 libs as well as opencv_java247 in your library path. 

Website: http://www.opencv.org

bc. <dependency>
	<groupId>org.opencv</groupId>
	<artifactId>opencv-java</artifactId>
	<version>2.4.7-unofficial</version>
</dependency>
